Updated SDK (#53)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/developers/sdk.md

## SDK How-To
In this tutorial we will walk through the process of using the SDK to:
1. [Installing Hermezjs](#install-hermezjs)
2. [Initializing Hermezjs](#initialization)
3. [Check registered tokens](#check-token-exists-in-hermez-network)
4. [Creating a wallet](#create-a-wallet)
5. [Making a deposit from Ethereum into the Hermez Network](#deposit-tokens-from-ethereum-into-hermez-network)
6. [Verifying the balance in a Hermez account](#verify-balance)
7. [Withdrawing funds back to Ethereum network](#withdrawing)
8. [Making transfers](#transfers)
9. [Verifying transaction status](#verifying-transaction-status)
10. [Authorizing the creation of Hermez accounts](#create-account-authorization)
11. [Internal accounts](#create-internal-accounts)

## Install Hermezjs
```bash
npm i @hermeznetwork/hermezjs
```

## Import modules
Load Hermezjs library

```js
const hermez = require("@hermeznetwork/hermezjs");
```

## Initialization
### Create Transaction Pool
Initialize the storage where user transactions are stored. This needs to be initialized at the start of your application.

```js
  hermez.txPool.initializeTransactionPool()
```

### Configure Hermez Environment

> In these examples, we are going to connect to `Hermez Testnet` which is deployed in Rinkeby Ethereum Network. To configure `Hermezjs` to work with the Testnet, we need to configure a Rinkeby Ethereum node, the Hermez API URL and the addresses of the Hermez and Withdrawal Delayer smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these examples, we are going to connect to `Hermez Testnet` which is deployed in Rinkeby Ethereum Network. To configure `Hermezjs` to work with the Testnet, we need to configure a Rinkeby Ethereum node, the Hermez API URL, and the addresses of the Hermez and Withdrawal Delayer smart contracts.
```

> In these examples, we are going to connect to `Hermez Testnet` which is deployed in Rinkeby Ethereum Network. To configure `Hermezjs` to work with the Testnet, we need to configure a Rinkeby Ethereum node, the Hermez API URL and the addresses of the Hermez and Withdrawal Delayer smart contracts.

Reviewer 2: We should probably link to Withdrawal Delayer docs

Hermez Testnet API URL is deployed at https://api.testnet.hermez.io. 

>**NOTE:** In order to interact with Hermez Testnet, you will need to supply your own Rinkeby Ethereum node. You can check these links to help you set up a Rinkeby node (https://blog.infura.io/getting-started-with-infura-28e41844cc89, https://blog.infura.io/getting-started-with-infuras-ethereum-api).

> Currently, Testnet Hermez smart contract is deployed at address `0x14a3b6f3328766c7421034e14472f5c14c5ba090` and Withdrawal Delayer contract is deployed at address `0x6ea0abf3ef52d24427043cad3ec26aa4f2c8e8fd`. These addresses could change in the futlre. so you should check these addresses with a query of the [API](https://api.testnet.hermez.io/config) using the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Testnet Hermez smart contract is deployed at address `0x14a3b6f3328766c7421034e14472f5c14c5ba090` and Withdrawal Delayer contract is deployed at address `0x6ea0abf3ef52d24427043cad3ec26aa4f2c8e8fd`. These addresses could change in the future, please check these addresses with a query of the [API](https://api.testnet.hermez.io/config) using the browser.
```

> Currently, Testnet Hermez smart contract is deployed at address `0x14a3b6f3328766c7421034e14472f5c14c5ba090` and Withdrawal Delayer contract is deployed at address `0x6ea0abf3ef52d24427043cad3ec26aa4f2c8e8fd`. These addresses could change in the futlre. so you should check these addresses with a query of the [API](https://api.testnet.hermez.io/config) using the browser.

Reviewer 2: future*

> For the reminder of the examples, we will configure the basic Hermezjs parameters

Reviewer 2: remainder

```js
const EXAMPLES_WEB3_URL = "https://rinkeby.infura.io/v3/80496a41d0a134ccbc6e856ffd034696"
const EXAMPLES_HERMEZ_API_URL = "https://api.testnet.hermez.io";
const EXAMPLES_HERMEZ_ROLLUP_ADDRESS = "0x14a3b6f3328766c7421034e14472f5c14c5ba090";
const EXAMPLES_HERMEZ_WDELAYER_ADDRESS = "0x6ea0abf3ef52d24427043cad3ec26aa4f2c8e8fd";

hermez.Providers.setProvider(EXAMPLES_WEB3_URL);

> hermez.Environment.setEnvironment({

Reviewer 2: Technically this isn't necessary as hermezjs should connect to rinkeby automatically if you do setEnvironment(chainId) and the chainId can be retrieved from the provider

        baseApiUrl: EXAMPLES_HERMEZ_API_URL,
        contractAddresses: {
          [hermez.Constants.ContractNames.Hermez]: EXAMPLES_HERMEZ_ROLLUP_ADDRESS,
          [hermez.Constants.ContractNames.WithdrawalDelayer]: EXAMPLES_HERMEZ_WDELAYER_ADDRESS
        }
});

```

## Check token exists in Hermez Network
Before being able to operate on the Hermez Network, we must ensure that the token we want to operate with is listed. For that we make a call to the Hermez Coordinator API that will list all available tokens. All tokens in Hermez Network must be ERC20.

> We can see there are 2 tokens registered. `ETH` will always be configured at index 0. The second token is `HEZ`. For the rest of the examples we will work with `ETH`.

Reviewer 2: There will probably be more tokens registered

```js

>   const token = await hermez.CoordinatorAPI.getTokens();

Reviewer 2: Why add semicolons?

  const tokenERC20 = token.tokens[0];
  console.log(token);

>>>>
{
  tokens: [
    {
      itemId: 1,
      id: 0,
      ethereumBlockNum: 0,
      ethereumAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
      name: 'Ether',
      symbol: 'ETH',
      decimals: 18,
      USD: 1787,
      fiatUpdate: '2021-02-28T18:55:17.372008Z'
    },
    {
      itemId: 2,
      id: 1,
      ethereumBlockNum: 8153596,
      ethereumAddress: '0x2521bc90b4f5fb9a8d61278197e5ff5cdbc4fbf2',
      name: 'Hermez Network Token',
      symbol: 'HEZ',
      decimals: 18,
      USD: 5.365,
      fiatUpdate: '2021-02-28T18:55:17.386805Z'
    }
  ],
  pendingItems: 0

```

## Create a Wallet 
We can create a new Hermez wallet by providing the Ethereum private key of an Ethereum account. This wallet will store the Ethereum and Baby JubJub keys for the Hermez account. The Ethereum address is used to authorize L1 transactions, and the Baby JubJub key is used to authorize L2 transactions. We will create two wallets.

> > **NOTE** You will need to supply two Rinkeby private keys to initialize both accounts. The ones provided here are invalid and are shwn as an example.

Reviewer 2: shown

> > **NOTE** You will need to supply two Rinkeby private keys to initialize both accounts. The ones provided here are invalid and are shwn as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE** You will need to supply two Rinkeby private keys to initialize both accounts. The keys provided here are invalid and are shown as an example.
```

```js
  const EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY1 = 0x705d123e707e25fa37ca84461ac6eb83eb4921b65680cfdc594b60bea1bb4e52;
  const EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY2 = 0x3a9270c05ac169097808da4b02e8f9146be0f8a38cfad3dcfc0b398076381fdd;

  // load first account
  const wallet = await hermez.HermezWallet.createWalletFromEtherAccount(EXAMPLES_WEB3_URL, { type: "WALLET", privateKey: EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY1 });
  const hermezWallet = wallet.hermezWallet;
  const hermezEthereumAddress = wallet.hermezEthereumAddress;

  // load second account
  const wallet2 = await hermez.HermezWallet.createWalletFromEtherAccount(EXAMPLES_WEB3_URL, { type: "WALLET", privateKey: EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY2 });
  const hermezWallet2 = wallet2.hermezWallet;
  const hermezEthereumAddress2 = wallet2.hermezEthereumAddress;

```

## Deposit Tokens from Ethereum into Hermez Network

> Creating a Hermez account and depositing tokens is done simultaneously as an L1 transaction.  In this example we are going to deposit 1 `ETH` tokens to the newly created Hermez accounts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a Hermez account and depositing tokens is done simultaneously as an L1 transaction.  In this example, we are going to deposit 1 `ETH` token into the newly created Hermez accounts. 
```

```js
  // set amount to deposit

>   const amountDepositString = "1.0";

Reviewer 2: more common to use single quotes with JS

    console.log(infoAccountSender);
    console.log(infoAccountReceiver);

>>>>>
{
  accountIndex: 'hez:ETH:4253',
  balance: '1099600000000000000',
  bjj: 'hez:dMfPJlK_UtFqVByhP3FpvykOg5kAU3jMLD7OTx_4gwzO',
  hezEthereumAddress: 'hez:0x74d5531A3400f9b9d63729bA9C0E5172Ab0FD0f6',
  itemId: 4342,
  nonce: 1,
  token: {
    USD: 1789,
    decimals: 18,
    ethereumAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
    ethereumBlockNum: 0,
    fiatUpdate: '2021-02-28T18:55:17.372008Z',
    id: 0,
    itemId: 1,
    name: 'Ether',
    symbol: 'ETH'
  }
}
{
  accountIndex: 'hez:ETH:4254',
  balance: '1097100000000000000',
  bjj: 'hez:HESLP_6Kp_nn5ANmSGiOnhhYvF3wF5Davf7xGi6lwh3U',
  hezEthereumAddress: 'hez:0x12FfCe7D5d6d09564768d0FFC0774218458162d4',
  itemId: 4343,
  nonce: 6,
  token: {
    USD: 1789,
    decimals: 18,
    ethereumAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
    ethereumBlockNum: 0,
    fiatUpdate: '2021-02-28T18:55:17.372008Z',
    id: 0,
    itemId: 1,
    name: 'Ether',
    symbol: 'ETH'
  }
}

```
We can see that the field `accountIndex` is formed by the token symbol it holds and an index. A Hermez account can only hold one type of token.

> Account indexes start at 256. Indexes 0-255 are resered for internal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account indexes start at 256. Indexes 0-255 are reserved for internal use.
```

    const exitInfo = exitInfoN[exitInfoN.length - 1]
    // set to perform instant withdraw
    const isInstant = true

    // perform withdraw
    await hermez.Tx.withdraw(
      exitInfo.balance,
      exitInfo.accountIndex,
      exitInfo.token,
      hermezWallet.publicKeyCompressedHex,
      exitInfo.batchNum,
      exitInfo.merkleProof.siblings,
      isInstant,
      { type: 'WALLET', privateKey: EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY1 }
    );

```

The funds should now appear in the Ethereum account that made the withdrawal.

### Force Exit

This is the L1 equivalent of an Exit. With this option, the smart contract forces Coordinators to pick up L1 transactions before they pick up L2 transactions to ensure that L1 transactions will eventually be picked up.

This is a security measure. We don't expect users to need to make a Force Exit.

```js
  // set amount to force-exit
  const amountForceExit = hermez.HermezCompressedAmount.compressAmount(hermez.Utils.getTokenAmountBigInt('1', 18));

  // perform force-exit
  await hermez.Tx.forceExit(
    amountForceExit,
    infoAccountSender.accountIndex,
    tokenERC20,
    { type: 'WALLET', privateKey: EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY1 }
  );
```

> The last step to recover the funds will be to send a new `Withdraw` request to the Coordinator as we did after the regular `Exit` request.

Reviewer 2: The withdraw request is done to the smart contract

  balance: '477700000000000000',
  bjj: 'hez:dMfPJlK_UtFqVByhP3FpvykOg5kAU3jMLD7OTx_4gwzO',
  hezEthereumAddress: 'hez:0x74d5531A3400f9b9d63729bA9C0E5172Ab0FD0f6',
  itemId: 4342,
  nonce: 4,
  token: {
    USD: 1793,
    decimals: 18,
    ethereumAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
    ethereumBlockNum: 0,
    fiatUpdate: '2021-02-28T18:55:17.372008Z',
    id: 0,
    itemId: 1,
    name: 'Ether',
    symbol: 'ETH'
  }
}
{
  accountIndex: 'hez:ETH:256',
  balance: '1874280899837791518',
  bjj: 'hez:YN2DmRh0QgDrxz3NLDqH947W5oNys7YWqkxsQmFVeI_m',
  hezEthereumAddress: 'hez:0x9F255048EC1141831A28019e497F3f76e559356E',
  itemId: 1,
  nonce: 2,
  token: {
    USD: 1793,
    decimals: 18,
    ethereumAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
    ethereumBlockNum: 0,
    fiatUpdate: '2021-02-28T18:55:17.372008Z',
    id: 0,
    itemId: 1,
    name: 'Ether',
    symbol: 'ETH'
  }
}

```
## Create Account Authorization
Imagine that Bob wants to send a transfer of Ether to Mary using Hermez, but Mary only has an Ethereum account but no Hermez account. To complete this transfer, Mary could open a Hermez account and proceed as the previous transfer example.

> Alternatively, Mary could authorize the Coordinator the creation of a Hermez account so that she can receive Bob's transfer. 

Reviewer 2: the Coordinator to create an Hermez account on her behalf so that....

> Alternatively, Mary could authorize the Coordinator the creation of a Hermez account so that she can receive Bob's transfer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, Mary could authorize the Coordinator to create a Hermez account so that she can receive Bob's transfer. 
```

First we create a wallet for Mary:
```js
  // load second account
  const wallet3 = await hermez.HermezWallet.createWalletFromEtherAccount(EXAMPLES_WEB3_URL, { type: 'WALLET', privateKey: EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY3 });
  const hermezWallet3 = wallet3.hermezWallet
  const hermezEthereumAddress3 = wallet3.hermezEthereumAddress
```

> The authorization for the creation of a Hermez account is done using the private key storder in the newly created Hermez wallet. 

Reviewer 2: stored

> The authorization for the creation of a Hermez account is done using the private key storder in the newly created Hermez wallet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authorization for the creation of a Hermez account is done using the private key stored in the newly created Hermez wallet. 
```

> > Note that the account is not created at this moment. The account will be created when Bob performs the transfer. Also, it is Bob  that pays for the fees associated in the account creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the account is not created at this moment. The account will be created when Bob performs the transfer. Also, it is Bob that pays for the fees associated with the account creation.
```

```js
  const EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY3 = "0x3d228fed4dc371f56b8f82f66ff17cd6bf1da7806d7eabb21810313dee819a53";
  const signature = await hermezWallet3.signCreateAccountAuthorization(EXAMPLES_WEB3_URL, { type: 'WALLET', privateKey: EXAMPLES_PRIVATE_KEY3 });
  const res = await hermez.CoordinatorAPI.postCreateAccountAuthorization(
    hermezWallet3.hermezEthereumAddress,
    hermezWallet3.publicKeyBase64,
    signature
  );
```

We can find out if the Coordinator has been authorized to create a Hermez account on behalf of a user by:

```js
  const authResponse = await hermez.CoordinatorAPI.getCreateAccountAuthorization(wallet3.hermezEthereumAddress);
  console.log(authResponse);

>>>>

{
  hezEthereumAddress: 'hez:0xd3B6DcfCA7Eb3207905Be27Ddfa69453625ffbf9',
  bjj: 'hez:ct0ml6FjdUN6uGUHZ70qOq5-58cZ19SJDeldMH021oOk',
  signature: '0x22ffc6f8d569a92c48a4e784a11a9e57b840fac21eaa7fedc9dc040c4a45d502744a35eeb0ab173234c0f687b252bd0364647bff8db270ffcdf1830257de28e41c',
  timestamp: '2021-03-16T14:56:05.295946Z'
}

```

> Once we verify the receiving Ethereum account has authorized the creation of a Hermez account, we can procced with the transfer from Bob's account to Mary's account. For this, we set the destination address to Mary's Ethereum address, and set the fee using  the `createAccount` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we verify the receiving Ethereum account has authorized the creation of a Hermez account, we can proceed with the transfer from Bob's account to Mary's account. For this, we set the destination address to Mary's Ethereum address and set the fee using the `createAccount` value.
```

    fee: state.recommendedFee.createAccount / usdTokenExchangeRate;
  };
  const accountAuthTransferResponse = await hermez.Tx.generateAndSendL2Tx(l2AuthTxTransfer, hermezWallet, infoAccountSender.token);
  console.log(accountAuthTransferResponse);
 
>>>>>
{
  status: 200,
  id: '0x025398af5b69f132d8c2c5b7b225df1436baf7d1774a6b017a233bf273b4675c8f',
  nonce: 0
}

```

After the transfer has been forged, we can check Mary's account on Hermez
```js
    // get receiver account information
    const infoAccountAuth = (await hermez.CoordinatorAPI.getAccounts(hermezWallet3.hermezEthereumAddress, [tokenERC20.id]))
      .accounts[0];
    console.log(infoAccountAuth);

>>>>>

{
  accountIndex: 'hez:ETH:265',
  balance: '1000000000000000',
  bjj: 'hez:ct0ml6FjdUN6uGUHZ70qOq5-58cZ19SJDeldMH021oOk',
  hezEthereumAddress: 'hez:0xd3B6DcfCA7Eb3207905Be27Ddfa69453625ffbf9',
  itemId: 10,
  nonce: 0,
  token: {
    USD: 1795.94,
    decimals: 18,
    ethereumAddress: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
    ethereumBlockNum: 0,
    fiatUpdate: '2021-03-16T14:56:57.460862Z',
    id: 0,
    itemId: 1,
    name: 'Ether',
    symbol: 'ETH'
  }
}
```

## Create Internal Accounts

> Until now we have seen that accounts have a Ethereum address and a Baby JubJub key. This is the case for normal accounts. However, there is a second type of accounts that only require a Baby JubJub key. These accounts are called `internal accounts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now we have seen that accounts have an Ethereum address and a Baby JubJub key. This is the case for normal accounts. However, there is a second type of account that only requires a Baby JubJub key. These accounts are called `internal accounts`.
```

> The advantage of these accounts is that are much cheaper to create than a `normal account`, since these accounts only exist on Hermez. The downside is that one cannot perform deposits or withdrawals from this type of accounts. However, there are some scenarios where these accounts are useful. For example, in those scenarios where one requires a temporary account. (for example, Exchanges could use these accounts to receive a transfer from users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of these accounts is that they are much more inexpensive to create than a `normal account` since these accounts only exist on Hermez. The downside is that one cannot perform deposits or withdrawals from this type of account. However, there are some scenarios where these accounts are useful. For example, in those scenarios where one requires a temporary account. (for example, Exchanges could use these accounts to receive a transfer from users).
```
